
- The historical note was a little off once we took out the binary stuff. Should have discussed multiplication, division, exponentiation, logs. Rather than numerical position systems.
	Anshuman: Leaving to Aquinas, or leaving until a discussion with Aquinas 
- Need to sync up listings' line numbers with line numbers in code 
	Anshuman: 
		On further thought, I think this is unnecessary. They already link to the code. Besides, the line numbers will be a bit off anyway because we have made unified listings out of code that is actually in different parts of the same file.
- Not in love with the REPT/CONTR notation
	Anshuman:
		Made a quick change that I like better, but still not the best.
- Need a more systematic ligature/notation for worker viz countdown worker
	Anshuman:
		Made a proposal on the chat.
- Notation of upper inverse is quite confusing with the -1 and the +. 
	Anshuman:
		How about just -1, or the subscript + replaced with an upward arrow?

- For binary rep, please edit the names of functions etc. Add something like "_bin" to all names, in the code and the paper. 

Anshuman has added notes on pages 2, 5, 6, 7, 9, 11, 12, 13

Some noncontroversial TODOs after seeing the reviews:
5. Test Makefile 
7. acknowledge Charguéraud and Pottier's repeater
9. disclaimer that the practical hardcoded solution is obvious, we are trying to win in theory-land
11. I think A(m, n) should have a different notation than the diagonal A(n). Proposed an example in Definition 1 but not yet piped through everywhere.
14. Shall we remove the pedantic sub_2 from Section 5.2?
15. What shall we do about overflowing listings?
16.
<<We show that our functions run in $O(n)$ for 
inputs expressed in both unary and binary ($n$ = bitlength).>>
Actually we didn't have any time complexity analysis for the inverse hyperoperations.
The reader could figure out for themselves, but it's not explicitly stated in the paper.
Aquinas, 5:38 PM
Ok, let's just add a sentance or two somewhere.
17. I want to massage away the bold in Section 3.2.
18. Coundown Worker's Coq definition overflows and we need to decide what to do.
19. Change Countdown Worker's budget argument to "b" everywhere (code and tex)
20. We can delete Lemma 16, it's a little irritating how obvious it is. Maybe the place that uses it can handle it with some careful writing?
21. Theorem 19: Instead of "a simple induction", say "induction on <blah>". When there is time, do this in all lemmas and theorems.